Welcome to my one hour crash course on virtualization.
Now I know you might be tempted to skip over this introduction but stick with me for a moment while
he mentions some important resources that can really help you succeed.
And I promise the whole process will take less than two minutes.
My name is Rick Creasey and I've been a VM are certified and start to for years.
I've taught virtualization to thousands of students and I'm also the primary author for trainers has
started.
And as a longtime instructor I can tell you that hands on experience is very important.
So when you're done with this course visit the free labs at aol dot VM or dot com.
Microsoft also has free hands on labs.
Just Google Microsoft Hyper-V labs and the entry will come right up.
Finally I want to encourage you to ask me questions.
I want you to get the best possible experience from this class.
So if you have any questions please don't hesitate to reach out.
I'm happy to be along with you for this journey and I want to welcome you to connect with me on Linked-In.
If you connect with me I'll send you coupon codes for big discounts on all the rest of my courses.
And if there's anything I can do to improve this course please let me know.
I strive to get all perfect review scores.
So if there's something that's lacking or something that I can do to improve your experience please
don't hesitate to reach out.
Thanks and enjoy learning about virtualization.